It was so funny.
I don't know if it was funny, but it was so funny.
I was so excited that I almost threw up.
I almost threw up on the side.
It was funny, but I couldn't talk.
I was so excited that I couldn't talk.
This is the seed of my story.
Thank you, Sir.
I'm not a excitement.
I packed them into my walkie-talkie.
I check my head for polo patterns
but there's an injury that hit me on the head.
I hit my
head on the ground.
I don't like customers.
I don't like the taste.
I don't like the smell.
I can't drive a car if I don't have a good car.
I'm going to play a game.
I was surprised.
He is a good man.
He was a good man when he first started the school.
But I don't know what to do.
I stopped at the restaurant of the royal family.
I drank a lot and called the train.
I made a lot of money.
I finally went around the village.
I went to the village from Gekko to Naekko.
I went to the village from Okara to Ainoyama.
I threw a big ball at the village head.
I made a mistake and fell.
I said goodbye here.